README.md, before:

# Chat with PDF - RAG
## 🔗 Frameworks

### ⇉⟭`Server`
- [NestJs](https://nestjs.com/)(Express), [rxjs](https://rxjs.dev/), [prisma](https://www.prisma.io/), [openai](https://beta.openai.com/), [Redis](https://redis.io/), [BullMQ](https://docs.bullmq.io/), [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/), [Vector Embeddings](https://docs.pinecone.io/docs/vector-embeddings), [Pinecone](https://www.pinecone.io/), [Pgvector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector), [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

### ⇉⟭`Client`
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/v3/), [Redux](https://redux.js.org/), [axios](https://axios-http.com/), [lucide-react](https://lucide.dev/), [sonner](https://sonner.emilkowal.ski/), [shadcn](https://ui.shadcn.com/)

## 🔗 Environment Setup
### ⇉⟭`Server`
> Make `.env` - `server\.env`
```dotenv
#server port
PORT=3333
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://neondb_owner:********/neondb?sslmode=require"

#s3
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=A********P**T********VN
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=M********U9J********aYr4********Yostzb
AWS_S3_REGION=us-east-1
AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME=********

#Rate Limit
UPLOAD_RATE_TTL=60
UPLOAD_RATE_LIMIT=3

#https://app.pinecone.io/organizations/******/projects/******/keys
PINECONE_API_KEY=e1******-56**-43**-8f**-f**7**3**2**
#https://platform.openai.com/api
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-p******j-f******og******Nr0P******FJt******JiBl******EvExEK
```
#### `src`

1. DATABASE_URL - [**CockroachDB**](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/) / [**Neon**](https://neon.tech/) / [**Supabase**](https://supabase.com/) / [**Tembo**](https://tembo.io/) / [**Crunchy Bridge**](https://www.crunchybridge.com/) / [**EdgeDB**](https://www.edgedb.com/)
2. s3
    - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID,AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY - https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/security_credentials
    - AWS_S3_REGION,AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME - https://ap-south-1.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/home?region=ap-south-1
3. PINECONE - https://app.pinecone.io/organizations -> API Keys
4. OPENAI_API_KEY -https://platform.openai.com/api
### ⇉⟭`Client`
> Make `.env.local` - `client/.env.local`
```dotenv
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_test_******reWx******M******su******b3******uZG******A
CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_SI******B******Kw******Qgdx7V******9aL

NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_URL=/sign-in
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_URL=/sign-up
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_IN_URL=/
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_UP_URL=/
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_OUT_URL=/
```
#### `src`
- https://clerk.com


## 🔗 Helper Notes
```md
npx prisma studio

npx prisma migrate dev --name init
```
- `s3 policy` - `arn:aws:s3:::<bucket-name>/<key-name-prefix>`
```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "PublicReadGetObject",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": "*",
            "Action": "s3:GetObject",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:{bucket-name}:::{key-name-prefix}/*"
        }
    ]
}
```
- `Cors`
```json
[
  {
    "AllowedHeaders": ["*"],
    "AllowedMethods": [
      "PUT", "POST", "DELETE", "GET"
    ],
    "AllowedOrigins": ["*"],
    "ExposeHeaders": []
  }
]
```

## 🔗 How To Run

Commit message:

feat(clerk-server): server side protected

README.md, after:

# Chat with PDF - RAG

## 🔗 keynote
1. > All backend APIs are protected by your Clerk session token. Without this logic, we cannot access the backend, making it challenging to test with Postman. If you wish to test the backend API solely from Postman, you can temporarily remove or comment out the following line in `server/src/app.module.ts`
   ```ts
    providers: [
      {
      provide: APP_GUARD,
      useClass: ClerkAuthGuard,
      }
    ]
   ```
## 🔗 Frameworks
### ⇉⟭`Server`
- [NestJs](https://nestjs.com/)(Express), [rxjs](https://rxjs.dev/), [prisma](https://www.prisma.io/), [openai](https://beta.openai.com/), [Redis](https://redis.io/), [BullMQ](https://docs.bullmq.io/), [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/), [Vector Embeddings](https://docs.pinecone.io/docs/vector-embeddings), [Pinecone](https://www.pinecone.io/), [Pgvector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector), [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

### ⇉⟭`Client`
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/v3/), [Redux](https://redux.js.org/), [axios](https://axios-http.com/), [lucide-react](https://lucide.dev/), [sonner](https://sonner.emilkowal.ski/), [shadcn](https://ui.shadcn.com/)

## 🔗 Environment Setup
### ⇉⟭`Server`
> Make `.env` - `server\.env`
```dotenv
#server port
PORT=3333
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://neondb_owner:********/neondb?sslmode=require"

#s3
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=A********P**T********VN
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=M********U9J********aYr4********Yostzb
AWS_S3_REGION=us-east-1
AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME=********

#Rate Limit
UPLOAD_RATE_TTL=60
UPLOAD_RATE_LIMIT=3

#https://app.pinecone.io/organizations/******/projects/******/keys
PINECONE_API_KEY=e1******-56**-43**-8f**-f**7**3**2**
#https://platform.openai.com/api
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-p******j-f******og******Nr0P******FJt******JiBl******EvExEK
```
#### `src`

1. DATABASE_URL - [**CockroachDB**](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/) / [**Neon**](https://neon.tech/) / [**Supabase**](https://supabase.com/) / [**Tembo**](https://tembo.io/) / [**Crunchy Bridge**](https://www.crunchybridge.com/) / [**EdgeDB**](https://www.edgedb.com/)
2. s3
    - AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID,AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY - https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/security_credentials
    - AWS_S3_REGION,AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME - https://ap-south-1.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/home?region=ap-south-1
3. PINECONE - https://app.pinecone.io/organizations -> API Keys
4. OPENAI_API_KEY -https://platform.openai.com/api
### ⇉⟭`Client`
> Make `.env.local` - `client/.env.local`
```dotenv
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_test_******reWx******M******su******b3******uZG******A
CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_SI******B******Kw******Qgdx7V******9aL

NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_URL=/sign-in
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_URL=/sign-up
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_IN_URL=/
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_UP_URL=/
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_OUT_URL=/
```
#### `src`
- https://clerk.com


## 🔗 Helper Notes
```md
npx prisma studio

npx prisma migrate dev --name init
```
- `s3 policy` - `arn:aws:s3:::<bucket-name>/<key-name-prefix>`
```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "PublicReadGetObject",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": "*",
            "Action": "s3:GetObject",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:{bucket-name}:::{key-name-prefix}/*"
        }
    ]
}
```
- `Cors`
```json
[
  {
    "AllowedHeaders": ["*"],
    "AllowedMethods": [
      "PUT", "POST", "DELETE", "GET"
    ],
    "AllowedOrigins": ["*"],
    "ExposeHeaders": []
  }
]
```

## 🔗 How To Run
